The drumbeat of pressure on Joe Biden to drop out of the US presidential race intensified Wednesday with a bombshell report in the New York Times that he had conceded the possibility to a key ally, as well as movement within his own party to demand his withdrawal.
The White House and Biden's campaign quickly denied the Times report suggesting the president had vocalized to a supporter that he could ill-afford another misstep that would irrevocably damage his campaign. Biden himself insisted to campaign staff he intended to remain in the race.

"I'm in this race to the end and we're going to win because when Democrats unite, we will always win," Biden said in a call alongside Vice President Kamala Harris.
Yet time is running out for the beleaguered president to convince anxious Democratic officials, donors and voters that he remains viable in his effort to keep former President Donald Trump from returning to office. In another blow, dozens of Democratic lawmakers are considering signing a letter demanding Biden withdraw from the race, a senior party official said.

That anxiety has only been fueled by a flood of recent reporting suggesting other Democrats are eyeing possible replacement candidates - and by the Times reporting.

Biden told his ally the race would be in a "different place" if upcoming events went poorly, the Times reported. White House Press Secretary Karine Jean-Pierre subsequently said Biden had flatly denied making such a comment.

Biden plans to sit for an interview with ABC News on Friday, and hold a rally in Madison, Wisconsin. On Sunday, he'll travel to Philadelphia for another campaign event. He also plans interviews with Black radio stations in Philadelphia and Milwaukee to coincide with his travel.

Biden has been calling senior Democratic lawmakers - including Senate Majority Leader Chuck Schumer and House Minority Leader Hakeem Jeffries - in a bid to shore up support on Capitol Hill, even as members of his party are publicly expressing dismay about his campaign.

So far, only two sitting House Democrats - Lloyd Doggett of Texas and Raul Grijalva of Arizona - have publicly called for Biden to step aside. But the President may not be able to survive a coordinated revolt among Democratic lawmakers worried that his poor performance could cost them seats or a shot at control of the House and Senate in the upcoming election.

Jean-Pierre said Biden had told her the calls with congressional Democrats were "strong."

"He's moving forward as being president. He's moving forward with his campaign," she added.

A Senate Democrat, however, said Wednesday evening that several colleagues had privately indicated they didn't see a way for the president to survive politically. The senator, granted anonymity to speak frankly about discussions among colleagues, said Biden hadn't assuaged concerns about his debate collapse against Trump.

Biden served for 36 years in the Senate, and Democrats there have been largely silent about his candidacy during a week of turmoil.

Later on Wednesday, Biden held a hastily arranged meeting with Democratic governors, many of whom are at the center of speculation about possibly replacing him on the ticket. Several emerged to say that they were firmly behind Biden. "The president was very clear that he is in this to win this," Governor Wes Moore of Maryland told reporters.